# MonitorTcp

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**AppService** | **string** | The application service to which the object belongs. | [optional] [default to null]
**AdaptiveSamplingTimespan** | **int64** | Specifies the size of the sliding window, in seconds, which records probe history.  For example, if this value is 300, then a sliding window of the last five minutes&#39; probe history will be used for calculating probe mean latency. | [optional] [default to null]
**Destination** | **string** | Specifies the IP address and service port of the resource that is the destination of this monitor. Possible values are: *:* (Specifies to perform a health check on the IP address and port supplied by a pool member), *:port (Specifies to perform a health check on the server with the IP address supplied by the pool member and the port you specify.),   IP : port  (Specifies to mark a pool member up or down based on the response of the server at the IP address an port you specify.), and  IP : port  (with the transparent option enabled) (Specifies to perform a health check on the server at the IP address and port that you specify, route the check through the IP address and port specified in the pool member configuration, and mark the pool member (the gateway) up or down accordingly.). | [optional] [default to null]
**Description** | **string** | User defined description. | [optional] [default to null]
**UpInterval** | **int64** | Specifies how often in seconds that the system issues the monitor check when the node is up. The default value is the same as the (down) interval. | [optional] [default to null]
**ManualResume** | **string** | Specifies whether the system automatically changes the status of a resource to enabled at the next successful monitor check. The default value is disabled. If you set this option to enabled, you must manually re-enable the resource before the system can use it for load balancing connections. | [optional] [default to null]
**AdaptiveDivergenceValue** | **int64** | Specifies how far from mean latency each monitor probe is allowed to be.  If adaptive-divergence-type is relative, this value is a percentage deviation from mean (e.g. 50 would indicate the probe is allowed to exceed the mean latency by 50%.)  If adaptive-divergence-type is absolute, this value is an offset from mean in milliseconds (e.g. 250 would indicate the probe is allowed allowed to exceed the mean latency by 250 ms.) | [optional] [default to null]
**IpDscp** | **int64** | Specifies the differentiated services code point (DSCP). DSCP is a 6-bit value in the Differentiated Services (DS) field of the IP header. It can be used to specify the quality of service desired for the packet. The valid range for this value is 0 to 63 (hex 0x0 to 0x3f). The default value is zero. | [optional] [default to 0]
**Interval** | **int64** | Specifies the frequency at which the system issues the monitor check. The default value is 5 seconds. | [optional] [default to null]
**DefaultsFrom** | **string** | Specifies the existing monitor from which the system imports settings for the new monitor. | [optional] [default to null]
**AdaptiveLimit** | **int64** | Specifies the hard limit, in milliseconds, which the probe is not allowed to exceed, regardless of the divergence value.  For example, if this value is 500, then the probe latency may not exceed 500 ms even if that would still fall within the divergence value. | [optional] [default to null]
**Recv** | **string** | Specifies the text string that the monitor looks for in the returned resource. The most common receive expressions contain a text string that is included in an HTML file on your site. The text string can be regular text, HTML tags, or image names. If you do not specify both a Send String and a Receive String, the monitor performs a simple service check and connect only. | [optional] [default to null]
**Transparent** | **string** | Specifies whether the monitor operates in transparent mode. Monitors in transparent mode can monitor pool members through firewalls. The default value is disabled. | [optional] [default to null]
**Reverse** | **string** | Specifies whether the monitor operates in reverse mode. When the monitor is in reverse mode, a successful check marks the monitored object down instead of up. You can use the Reverse mode only if you configure both the options send and recv. The default value is no. The no option specifies that the monitor does not operate in reverse mode. The yes option specifies that the monitor operates in reverse mode. | [optional] [default to null]
**Kind** | **string** | Kind of entity | [optional] [default to null]
**Name** | **string** | Name of entity | [optional] [default to null]
**AdaptiveDivergenceType** | **string** | Specifies whether the adaptive-divergence-value is relative or absolute. | [optional] [default to null]
**Partition** | **string** | Displays the administrative partition within which the monitor resides. | [optional] [default to null]
**Send** | **string** | Specifies the text string that the monitor sends to the target object. The default setting is GET /, which retrieves a default HTML file for a web site. To retrieve a specific page from a web site, specify a fully-qualified path name, for example, GET /www/company/index.html. Since the string may have special characters, the system may require that the string be enclosed with single quotation marks. If this value is null, then a valid connection suffices to determine that the service is up. In this case, the system does not need the recv, recv-row, and recv-column options and ignores the options even if not null. | [optional] [default to null]
**TimeUntilUp** | **int64** | Specifies the amount of time in seconds after the first successful response before a node will be marked up.  A value of 0 will cause a node to be marked up immediately after a valid  response is received from the node. The default setting is 0. | [optional] [default to null]
**Timeout** | **int64** | Specifies the number of seconds the target has in which to respond to the monitor request. The default value is 16 seconds. If the target responds within the set time period, it is considered up. If the target does not respond within the set time period, it is considered down. Also, if the target responds with a RESET packet, the system immediately flags the target as down without waiting for the timeout interval to expire. | [optional] [default to null]
**RecvDisable** | **string** | Specifies a text string that the monitor looks for in the returned resource. If the text string matches a string in the returned resource, the corresponding pool member or node is marked session disabled. | [optional] [default to null]
**Adaptive** | **string** | Specifies whether the adaptive feature is enabled for this monitor.  Not all monitors support the adaptive feature. | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


